Google stopped maintaining the Chrome Web Store and it's now a toxic, scam-ridden hellscape, but it remains the only supported mechanism for pushing app and extension installs to new sign-ins on Chrome OS devices.

This repository contains a selection of common, mainstream applications that are either unavailable in the Chrome Web Store or are poorly supported. Some effort is made to maintain these apps with the correct URLs and icons, and maintain their availability.

If you use Chrome OS devices as part of a business continuity process, these apps should allow you to push common applications to any Chrome OS device that signs into your G Suite domain, allowing you to make the desktop experience more immediately friendly and familiar.

Some apps are simple bookmarks ("hosted", in the Chrome API sense), while others inject more complex code to manage behaviour and compatibility issues ("packaged" in the Chrome API sense). Both of these models for application development are poorly supported in recent versions of Chrome and the entire API should be considered obsolete. Google's preferred replacement are PWA ("progressive web apps"), but these are not supported by the Chrome Web Store and can't be pushed by a G Suite administrator. In addition, the chances of every mainstream SaaS product suddenly being rewritten to Google's specific definition of PWA is approximately zero, so this repository serves as a stopgap in the meantime.

NB: You don't need to use these for personal use. Recent builds of Chrome OS include the ability to create shortcuts in the launcher to any web page. These apps are intended for use by G Suite administrators.

**Security warning:** Due to a poorly-designed security feature in the Chrome Web Store, anyone with commit access to this repository can change the URL that these apps load at any time, even after installation, allowing them to capture credentials or cause other disruption. If you do not understand this risk, you should not use these apps. No warranty is given, express or implied.